It was twenty years ago today

Sergeant Pepper taught the band to play
They've been going in and out of style
But they're guaranteed to raise a smile
So may I introduce to you
The act you've known for all these years
Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band

We're Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band

We hope you will enjoy the show
Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band
Sit back and let the evening go
Sergeant Pepper's Lonely/ Sergeant Pepper's Lonely

Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band
It's wonderful to be here

It's certainly a thrill
You're such a lovely audience
We'd like to take you home with us/ we'd love to take you home
I don't really want to stop the show

But I thought you might like to know
That the singer's gonna sing a song
And he wants you all to sing along
So let me introduce to you
The one and only Billy Shears
And Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band yeah
Billy Shears

What would you think if I sang out of tune

Would you stand up and walk out on me?
Lend me your ears and I'll sing you a song
And I'll try not to sing out of key
Oh I get by with a little help from my friends

Mmm I get high with a little help from my friends
Mmm gonna try with a little help from my friends
What do I do when my love is away?

Does it worry you to be alone?
How do I feel by the end of the day?
Are you sad because you're on your own?
No I get by with a little help from my friends

Mmm get high with a little help from my friends
Mmm gonna try with a little help from my friends
Do you need anybody?

I need somebody to love
Could it be anybody?
I want somebody to love
Would you believe in a love at first sight?

Yes I'm certain that it happens all the time
What do you see when you turn out the light?
I can't tell you but I know it's mine
Oh I get by with a little help from my friends

Mmm get high with a little help from my friends
Oh I'm gonna try with a little help from my friends
Do you need anybody?

I just need someone to love
Could it be anybody?
I want somebody to love
Oh I get by with a little help from my friends

Mmm gonna try with a little help from my friends
Oh I get high with a little help from my friends
Yes I get by with a little help from my friends
With a little help from my friends
