Yo!
MF DOOM
Mr. Fantastik
What up nigga?
What's cracking boy?
Man These rap snitches man shit is bugged out man
What the fuck man?
Niggas runnin' their mouth telling e'rything e'rything

Rap snitches telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
Do you see the perpetrator? Yeah I'm right here
Fuck around get the whole label sent up for years uh
Rap snitches telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
Do you see the perpetrator? Yeah I'm right here
Fuck around get the whole label sent up for years
Type profile low like A in Paid In Full

Attract heavy cash cause the game's centrifugal Mis
ter Fantastik long dough like elastic Guard
my life with twin Glocks that's made out of plastic
Can't stand a brown nosing nigga fake ass bastard
Admiring my style tour bus through Manhattan Plot
tin' plan the quickest my flow's the sickest
My hoes be the thickest my dro the stickiest
Street nigga stamped and bonafide When
beef jump niggas come get me cause they know I ride
True to the ski mask New York's my origin
Play a fake gangsta like a old accordion
According to him when the D's rushed in
Complication from the wire testimony was thin
Caused his man to go up north the ball hit 'em again
Lame rap snitch nigga even told on the Mexican

Rap snitches telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
Do you see the perpetrator? Yeah I'm right here
Fuck around get the whole label sent up for years uh
Rap snitches telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
Do you see the perpetrator? Yeah I'm right here
Fuck around get the whole label sent up for years
True there's rules to this shit fools dare care Ev

erybody wanna rule the world with tears for fear
Yeah yeah tell 'em tell it on the mountain hill
Running up they mouth bill everybody doubting still
Informer keep it up and get tested
Pop through your bubble vest or double breasted
He keep a lab down south in the little beast
So much heat you woulda thought it was the Middle East
A little grease always keeps the wheels a-spinnin'
Like sitting on twenty threes to get the squealers grinning
Hitting on many trees feel real linen
Spitting on enemies get the steel for tin men
Where no brains but gum flap
He said his gun clap then he fled after one slap pap!
Son shut your trap save it for the bitches
Mmm delicious Rapp Snitch Knishes

Know' I'm sayin'? it's terrible
Crazy man I'm just analyzing this whole game
This is bugged out man nigas is snitching
Telling on they own self Fuck
around and get everybody bagged man
Fuck around and get yo' mama bagged nigga
You know your grandmama used to be bootlegging
Fake hustling nigga heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh haha
Perpetrator? Yeah I'm right here
