Will we ever cross that line? Tick tick

Will we ever make it to the other side? Eh heh heh hella good
Will we ever cross that line? Cross that line cross that line eh heh heh
Will we ever make it to the other side? Uh yeah tick tick

I don't know but I hope I hope you driving while you rolling the dope
I hope the traffic ain't bad and you make it just in time for the smoke
I hope your mama ain't tripping by the time you get home
I hope I cross into the superstar status that I wanted
I hope it ain't annoying I do this for enjoyment
I hope you know I coined the phrase tick tick tick 'cause
Time moving too quick and I been on my
I'm twenty-one going on thirty-six

I'm still running round smoking in some dirty kicks
I was young when I first seen that dirty mix just try to spit like Doom and be cool like kids
Other kids didn't get it and they still don't
On a plane cross the globe with my phone 'finna roam
Pay the fee cross the line my whole life is a toll
Get a job never did get some friends get a
Will we ever cross that line? Cross that line cross that line

Will we ever make it to the other side?
Will we ever cross that line? Cross that line cross that line eh heh heh heh
Will we ever make it to the other side? Tick tick uh yeah

The ref throw his hands up and we did it
And now it's time to pay Disney a visit
Remember back when I would watch Cow and Chicken I always had adults around me
But no one ever mentioned this life nuts
And if you give up then life sucks just get hella bucks with your friends you type won
Half hard work and half is light luck don't do nothing stupid that path is striped up
Lost some friends and my pops for a second but he back

Now he sip Henn with me might hop on the track
Down Dudley get a sub get a bus get a cab
Give a fiend a couple bills to get some food but it's for
Whatever it's neverending but it'll get better
My mom's had it way worse times cold as December
Take the Advil for the pain and the weed for the stress
On the edge of the earth this the line take a
Will we ever cross that line? Cross that line cross that line eh heh heh

Will we ever make it to the other side?
Will we ever cross that line? Cross that line cross that line
Will we ever make it to the other side?

To to the other side
To to the other side
Cross that line cross that line other side
To to the other side
Cross that line cross that line
