Yeah You wanna be big?
You wanna grow big
Revolutions all the time people changing the world with crime
With violence and anger hunger whatever

I find that ridiculous if not meticulous
I do my best to guard my own premises
What's your name what's your name fool? What's my name what's my name fool?
What's that sound who dat be huh? What's that sound who dat be huh?
Where you come from where you come from? Where I come from where I come from?

You think you're big you think you're big kid? I think I'm big I think I'm big kid
Is your desire to grow back again? Is my desire to grow back again?
You came to the right place I'll make you big I came to the right place you'll make you big
Now!

What's this what's this what's this a trick with a twist?
Somebody do something call somebody and make it quick
I'm sorry I lied just wanted to guide everybody through this and go with the ride
Pull the lever or whatever right now right now! Pull the lever or whatever right now right now!
Better make it quick hey hey look down better make it quick hey hey look down

Get me out of this and now push the button get you out of this and now push the button
Come on come on I'm big all of a sudden come on come on you're big all of a sudden
What's going on what's going on I'm really scared what's going on what's going on you're really scared
SOS SOS please handle me with care SOS SOS please handle you with care

Now!
Kick it stick it lift it pick it you'll never see me scared I'm straight up legit
Always in control I patrol my hood taking care of business stopping crime for good
I wasn't scared you must've been dreaming you weren'tscared I must've been dreaming

Better believe it my mind is like a demon better believe it your mind is like a demon
I am the lord everybody knows my name you are the lord everybody knows your name
I got it all cash money and fame you got it all cash money and fame
Now back to business you want to grow big right? Now back to business I want to grow big right?

Let's not waste no time here we go all right? Let's not waste no time here we go all right?
Now!
Ho ho yeah you see?
I am the only micromasta that guarantees and sees
The final plot coming no denying so beware

But let me tell you son I'm really scared!
It'll never happen again I promise I promise! It'll never happen again you promise you promise!
I'll do anything a hug a kiss? You'll do anything a hug a kiss?
I don't know what to do it's all because of you you don't know what to do it's all because of me
I enjoy my size my charm too you enjoy your size your charm too

Put me back son come on I gotta go put you back son come on you gotta go
Or I'm gonna miss my favorite TV show or you're gonna miss your favorite TV show
Now!
