You know parents are the same no matter time nor place
They don't understand that us kids are go-ing to make some mistakes
So to you all the kids all across the land
There's no need to argue parents just don't understand

I remember one year my mom took me school shopping

It was me my brother my mom oh my pop
And my little sister all hopped in the car
We headed downtown to the Gallery Mall
My mom started bugging with the clothes she chose
I didn't say nothing at first I just turned up my nose
She said what's wrong? This shirt cost twenty dollars!
I said Mom this shirt is plaid with a butterfly
collar! The next half hour was the same old thing

My mother buying me clothes from nineteen-sixty-three
And then she lost her mind and did the ultimate
I asked her for Adidas and she bought me Zips!
I said Mom what are you doing? You're ruining my rep!
She said you're only sixteen you don't have a rep yet!
I said Mom let's put these clothes back please? She said no!
You go to school to learn not for a fashion show!

I said this isn't Sha Na Na come on Mom I'm not Bowzer
Mom please put back the bellbottom Brady Bunch trousers
But if you don't want to I can live with that
But you gotta put back the double-knit reversible slacks!
She wasn't with it ev'rything stayed the same
Inevitably the first day of school came
I thought I could get over I tried to play sick
But my mom said no no way! Uh-uh! Forget it!
There was nothing I could do I tried to relax

I got dressed up in those ancient artifacts
And when I walked into school it was just as I thought
The kids were cracking up laughing at the clothes Mom bought
And those who weren't laughing still had a ball
'Cause they were pointing and whispering as I walked down the hall
I got home and told my Mom how my day went
She said if they were laughing you don't need them 'cause they're not good friends!

For the next six hours I tried to explain to my Mom
That I was gonna have to go through this 'bout two hundred more times
So to you all the kids all across the land
There's no need to argue parents just don't understand

Okay here's the situation
My parents went away on a week's vacation
And they left the keys to the brand new Porsche
Would they mind? Hmm well of course not!
I'll just take it for a little spin
And maybe show it off to a couple of friends
I'll just cruise it around the neighborhood
Well maybe I shouldn't yeah of course I should!

Pay attention here's the thick of the plot
I pulled up to the corner at the end of my block
And that's when I saw this beautiful girlie girl walking
I picked up my car phone to perpetrate like I was talking
You should've seen this girl's bodily dimensions
I honked my horn just to get her attention
She said was that for me? I said yeah! She said why?
I said come on and take a ride with a hell of a guy!

She said how do I know you're not sick?
You could be some deranged lunatic!
I said come on Toots my name is the Prince!
Besides would a lunatic have a Porsche like this?
She agreed and we were on our way
she was looking very good and so was I I must say word
We hit McDonald's pulled into the drive
We ordered two Big Macs and two large fries and Cokes

She kicked her shoes off onto the floor
She said drive fast speed turns me on!
She put her hand on my knee I put my foot on the gas
We almost got whiplash I took off so fast
The sun roof was open the music was high
And this girl's hand was steadily moving up my thigh
She had opened up three buttons on her shirt so far
I guess that's why I didn't notice that police car

We're doing ninety in my Mom's new Porsche
And to make this long story short
When the cop pulled me over I was scared as hell
I said I don't have a license but I drive very well Officer!
I almost had a heart attack that day
Come to find out the girl was a twelve-year-old runaway!
I was arrested the car was impounded
There was no way for me to avoid being grounded

My parents had to come off of vacation to get me
I'd rather be in jail than to have my father hit me
My parents walked in and I got my grip
I said uh Mom? Dad? How was your trip?
They didn't speak I said I want to plead my case!
But my father just shoved me in the car by my face
That was a hard ride home I don't know how I survived it
They took turns one would beat me while the other one was driving!

I can't believe it I just made a mistake
Well parents are the same no matter time nor place
So to you all the kids all across the land
Take it from me parents just don't understand
